Add DCO and update CONTRIBUTING.md (#82105)
ansible/ansible: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

## CONTRIBUTING ?

By contributing to this project you agree to the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO). This document was created by the Linux Kernel community and is a simple statement that you, as a contributor, have the legal right to make the contribution. See the DCO section below for details.

> The Ansible project is [GPL-3.0 licensed](COPYING) and accepts contributions through GitHub pull requests.

Reviewer: We should probably clarify a few things here:

1) The license is usually GPL v3 or later, not just GPL v3.
2) Some portions of the code fall under other licenses, as noted in individual files.

Author: Thanks @mattclay, updated the PR

## CONTRIBUTING ?

> By contributing to this project you agree to the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO). This document was created by the Linux Kernel community and is a simple statement that you, as a contributor, have the legal right to make the contribution. See the DCO section below for details.

Reviewer: We should be able to use a link to the heading here. Also, I think it makes sense to move the description of the DCO to the section where it's included.

```suggestion
By contributing to this project you agree to the [Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)](#developer-certificate-of-origin-dco).
```

Author: Yeah, that seems fine, thanks.

> The Ansible project is licensed under the [GPL-3.0](COPYING) or later, although some portions of the code fall under other licenses - this is noted in the individual files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ansible project is licensed under the [GPL-3.0](COPYING) or later. Some portions of the code fall under other licenses as noted in individual files.
```

Also please make sure you are testing on the latest released version of Ansible or the development branch; see the [Installation Guide](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/installation_guide/intro_installation.html) for details.

Thanks!

## DEVELOPER CERTIFICATE OF ORIGIN (DCO) VERSION 1.1

> Copyright (C) 2004, 2006 The Linux Foundation and its contributors.

Reviewer: Should the DCO be enclosed in a `text` code block to preserve the original formatting? Currently, some of the original plain text formatting is lost -- such as the first four lines being rendered as one.

Author: Yeah, that probably makes sense, thanks.

Also please make sure you are testing on the latest released version of Ansible or the development branch; see the [Installation Guide](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/installation_guide/intro_installation.html) for details.

Thanks!

## DEVELOPER CERTIFICATE OF ORIGIN (DCO) VERSION 1.1

> ```

Reviewer: This will need to indicate the `text` type:

```suggestion
```text
```

Reviewer: Also, it needs a blank line before it.

Author: Done - thanks for your patience with me ;)

Reviewer: It looks like the blank line after the heading / before the text code block is missing.

Author: ugh, helps if you commit before you push.

Also please make sure you are testing on the latest released version of Ansible or the development branch; see the [Installation Guide](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/installation_guide/intro_installation.html) for details.

Thanks!

> ## DEVELOPER CERTIFICATE OF ORIGIN (DCO) VERSION 1.1

Reviewer: We should probably omit the version from the heading, since it's already included below. We could also include the description of the DCO here, instead of where we link to it.

```suggestion
## DEVELOPER CERTIFICATE OF ORIGIN (DCO)

This document was created by the Linux Kernel community and is a simple statement that you, as a contributor, have the legal right to make the contribution.
```
